Donald and Douglas are twins and had
arrived from Scotland to help Sir Topham
Hatt but only one engine had been
expected the twins meant well but did
cause confusion Sir Topham Hatt had
given them numbers Donald 9 and Douglas
10 but he was still planning to send one
engine home there was a brake van in the
yard that had taken a dislike to Douglas
things always went wrong when he had to
take it out his trains were late and he
was blamed Douglas began to worry Donald
his twin was angry you're a muckle
nuisance said Donald its to leave you
behind I be wantin you can't set the
brake van
I am essential ah are you Donald burst
out you're nothing but a screeching and
a noise when all said and done spite
doggy would you take that oh oh
cried the van there is more coming
should you misbehave the van behaved
better after that
until one day Donald had an accident the
rails were slippery he couldn't stop in
time
Donald wasn't hurt but Sir Topham Hatt
was most annoyed I am disappointed
Donald I didn't expect such clumsiness
from you I had decided to send Douglas
back and keep you I'm sorry sir
said Donald I should think so too you
have upset my arrangements now James
will have to help with the goods work
while you have your tender mended James
won't like that Sir Topham Hatt was
right
James grumbled dreadfully about extra
work
anyone with feet said Douglas that
Donald it had his accident on purpose
I hear tell about an engine and some
tire wagons
shut up said James it's not funny
he didn't like to be reminded of his own
accident well well well
surely James it wasn't you
you didn't say James didn't say he
slouched sulkily away James's cross
snickered the spiteful brake van will
try to make him cross her still hold
back giggled the freight cars to each
other James did his best but he was
exhausted when they reached Edwards
station
luckily Douglas was there help me up the
hill please panted James these freight
cars are playing tricks
we assure them said Douglas
slowly but surely the snorting engines
forced the freight cars up the hill but
James was losing steam I can't do it I
can't do it leave it to me
shouted Douglas the conductor was
anxious go steady the Vans braking the
van was in pieces no one had been hurt
and soon Edward came to clear the mess
Sir Topham Hatt was on board I might
have known it would be Douglas he said
Douglas was grand sir said Edward James
had no steam left but Douglas worked
hard enough for three
I heard him from my yard two would have
been enough said Sir Topham Hatt I want
to be fair Douglas but I don't know I
really don't know sir topham hatt was
making up his mind about which engine to
send away but that's another story